## Attention mechanism based Group Recommender System implemented using PyTorch

Recommender systems aim to predict the "rating" or "preference" a user would give to an item. While conventional recommender systems suggest items that individual users might like, group recommender systems operate in circumstances where more than one person is involved in the recommendation process. Precisely, a group recommender system recommends items to a group of users collectively. Producing group recommendations is a challenging task; a fundamental problem in group recommendation systems is to aggregate the individual preferences of members of the group to determine the group's preference on an item. Also, a critical problem in group recommendation systems or recommendation systems, in general, is the cold-start problem, where, for a new user or item, there is not enough data to make accurate recommendations. To this end, we propose a novel Group Recommendation System which aggregates the individual preferences of members of the group and also performs the group recommendation task. Specifically, we designed and implemented a Bilinear attention based group aggregation strategy to generate a representation of the group. We also designed a deep neural network, which takes in this group representation along with additional information and predicts the preferences of a group for an item. Extensive experiments performed on the real-world dataset 'MovieLens' show signiﬁcant and consistent improvements in the group recommendations when compared with the benchmark attention model. Experiments on cold-items, i.e. movies show that our deep learning-based hybrid group recommendation system offers better recommendations when compared to models which do not leverage either categorical or continuous additional information.
